apps/mail/README.md, before:

# Django Mail

Email interface with static templates and logging.

## Usage

1. Define your mail interface in `mail.py` by subclassing `MailBase`.

2. Optionally define `name`, `subject`, and `template` attributes on your mail
interface.

`name` - Description of the type of mail message. Defaults to the interface's
class name, minus 'Mail' if present at the front.

`subject`- Django template string for the subject line. Defaults to the `name`
attribute of the class.

`template` - Path to a django template file for the body of the email. Defaults to
`email/name_attribute.html`, where `name_attribute.html` is the snake_case version
of the `name` attribute, plus `.html`.

If you need these attributes to be dynamic, you can override the class methods
`get_name()`, `get_subject()`, and `get_template()` instead -- for instance, to
get a user-editable template from a custom model.

3. Optionally add a `process_context(cls, user, request, **kwargs)` class method
to process your data and return a context that will be fed to your templates.

By default, all keyword arguments passed to your subclass (including user and
request) will be converted into a dict and passed to your templates as context.

4. Create a django template for your email.

5. Call `.send(user, request, **kwargs)` on your subclass to create a new mail
message and a task to send it.

## Example

Create mail interface:
`apps/barrowtrader/mail.py`
```python
class MailNewWheelbarrows(MailBase):
    name = 'New Wheelbarrows'
    subject = 'BarrowTrader | New wheelbarrow recommendations in the {{ city_name }} area!'
    template = 'email/new_wheelbarrows.html

    @classmethod
    def process_context(cls, user, request, **kwargs):
        ctx = {
          'customer_name': user.name,
          'city_name': kwargs['city_name'],
          'wheelbarrows': kwargs['wheelbarrows'],
        }
        return ctx
```

Create mail template:
`apps/barrowtrader/templates/email/new_wheelbarrows.html`
```html
{% extends 'email/email_base.html' %}

{% block content %}
  <p>
    Hey {{ customer_name }}, check out these cool wheelbarrows to rent!
  </p>
  <ul>
    {% for barrow in wheelbarrows %}
      <li>{{ barrow.name }} - {{ barrow.description }}</li>
    {% endfor %}
  </ul>
{% endblock %}
```

Send mail:
`apps/barrowtrader/admin.py`
```python
...
if new_wheelbarrows is not None:
    MailNewWheelbarrows.send(user, city_name=city.name, wheelbarrows=new_wheelbarrows)
...
```

See also `apps/user/mail.py` and `apps/user/templates/email/` for a working example of
project and template layout.

Commit message:

Add admin_feedback flag to .send()

apps/mail/README.md, after:

# Django Mail

Email interface with static templates and logging.

## Usage

1. Define your mail interface in `mail.py` by subclassing `MailBase`.

2. Optionally define `name`, `subject`, and `template` attributes on your mail
interface.

`name` - Description of the type of mail message. Defaults to the interface's
class name, minus 'Mail' if present at the front.

`subject`- Django template string for the subject line. Defaults to the `name`
attribute of the class.

`template` - Path to a django template file for the body of the email. Defaults to
`email/name_attribute.html`, where `name_attribute.html` is the snake_case version
of the `name` attribute, plus `.html`.

If you need these attributes to be dynamic, you can override the class methods
`get_name()`, `get_subject()`, and `get_template()` instead -- for instance, to
get a user-editable template from a custom model.

3. Optionally add a `process_context(cls, user, request, **kwargs)` class method
to process your data and return a context that will be fed to your templates.

By default, all keyword arguments passed to your subclass (including user and
request) will be converted into a dict and passed to your templates as context.

4. Create a django template for your email.

5. Call `.send(user, request, admin_feedback, **kwargs)` on your subclass to
create a new mail message and a task to send it to the email associated with
`user`.

If you are generating emails inside the Django admin, you can pass in the `request`
object and set `admin_feedback=True` to generate a notification that the mail
has been created and is awaiting delivery.

## Example

Create mail interface:
`apps/barrowtrader/mail.py`
```python
class MailNewWheelbarrows(MailBase):
    name = 'New Wheelbarrows'
    subject = 'BarrowTrader | New wheelbarrow recommendations in the {{ city_name }} area!'
    template = 'email/new_wheelbarrows.html

    @classmethod
    def process_context(cls, user, request, **kwargs):
        ctx = {
          'customer_name': user.name,
          'city_name': kwargs['city_name'],
          'wheelbarrows': kwargs['wheelbarrows'],
        }
        return ctx
```

Create mail template:
`apps/barrowtrader/templates/email/new_wheelbarrows.html`
```html
{% extends 'email/email_base.html' %}

{% block content %}
  <p>
    Hey {{ customer_name }}, check out these cool wheelbarrows to rent!
  </p>
  <ul>
    {% for barrow in wheelbarrows %}
      <li>{{ barrow.name }} - {{ barrow.description }}</li>
    {% endfor %}
  </ul>
{% endblock %}
```

Send mail:
`apps/barrowtrader/admin.py`
```python
...
if new_wheelbarrows is not None:
    MailNewWheelbarrows.send(user, city_name=city.name, wheelbarrows=new_wheelbarrows)
...
```

See also `apps/user/mail.py` and `apps/user/templates/email/` for a working example of
project and template layout.
